[bitnami/postgresql] - Add PostgreSQL cross cluster replication ability (#3574)
bitnami/charts: bitnami/postgresql/README.md

| `master.service.nodePort`                     | Allows using a different nodePort for Master                                                                                                                              | `nil`                                                         |
| `master.service.clusterIP`                    | Allows using a different clusterIP for Master                                                                                                                             | `nil`                                                         |
| `masterAsStandBy.enabled`                     | Whether to enable current cluster's Master as standby server of another cluster or not.                                                                                   | `false`                                                       |
| `masterAsStandBy.masterHost`                  | The Host of replication Master in the other cluster.                                                                                                                      | `nil`                                                         |

> | `master.service.clusterIP`                    | The Port of replication Master in the other cluster.                                                                                                                      | `nil`                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `masterAsStandBy. masterPort `                    | The Port of replication Master in the other cluster.                                                                                                                      | `nil`                                                         |
```
